fixed typo in httpcache docs (#5455)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/downloader-middleware.rst

    This middleware provides low-level cache to all HTTP requests and responses.
    It has to be combined with a cache storage backend as well as a cache policy.

>     Scrapy ships with two HTTP cache storage backends:

Reviewer: What about making sure we do not screw it up again?

```suggestion
    Scrapy ships with the following HTTP cache storage backends:
```

Murphy’s law: we will at some point switch to a single storage backend, and forget to change “backends” to “backend”.
